activity	cook_salmon	Cook Salmon	
activity	cook_swordfish	Cook Swordfish	
activity	cook_trout	Cook Trout	
activity	cook_tuna	Cook Tuna	
activity	cut_maple	Cut Maple Trees	
activity	cut_oak	Cut Oak Trees	
activity	cut_willow	Cut Willow Trees	
activity	cut_yew	Cut Yew Trees	
activity	fish_salmon	Fish for Salmon	
activity	fish_swordfish	Fish for Swordfish	
activity	fish_trout	Fish for Trout	
activity	fish_tuna	Fish for Tuna	
activity	forge_iron_helmet	Forge Iron Helmet	
activity	forge_iron_sword	Forge Iron Sword	
activity	mine_coal	Mine Coal Ore	
activity	mine_copper	Mine Copper Ore	
activity	mine_iron	Mine Iron Ore	
activity	mine_mithril	Mine Mithril Ore	
activity	smelt_gold_bar	Smelt Gold Bar	
activity	smelt_iron_bar	Smelt Iron Bar	
activity	smelt_mithril_bar	Smelt Mithril Bar	
area	abyssal_depths	Abyssal Depths	DUNGEON
area	astral_wastes	Astral Wastes	OVERWORLD
area	blood_cathedral	Blood Cathedral	DUNGEON
area	chaos_realm	Chaos Realm	DUNGEON
area	chaos_storms	Chaos Storms	OVERWORLD
area	clockwork_citadel	Clockwork Citadel	DUNGEON
area	dark_forest	Dark Forest	OVERWORLD
area	desert_wasteland	Desert Wasteland	OVERWORLD
area	divine_sanctum	Divine Sanctum	OVERWORLD
area	doomspire_keep	Doomspire Keep	DUNGEON
area	dragon_lair	Dragon Lair	DUNGEON
area	eternal_battleground	Eternal Battleground	OVERWORLD
area	ethereal_plane	Ethereal Plane	OVERWORLD
area	frozen_tundra	Frozen Tundra	OVERWORLD
area	goblin_caves	Goblin Caves	DUNGEON
area	haunted_cemetery	Haunted Cemetery	OVERWORLD
area	mountain_peaks	Mountain Peaks	OVERWORLD
area	necromancer_tower	Necromancer Tower	DUNGEON
area	nightmare_realm	Nightmare Realm	OVERWORLD
area	poison_swamp_depths	Poison Swamp Depths	DUNGEON
area	primal_jungle	Primal Jungle	OVERWORLD
area	primordial_caverns	Primordial Caverns	DUNGEON
area	shadow_realm	Shadow Realm	OVERWORLD
area	skeleton_crypts	Skeleton Crypts	DUNGEON
area	starfall_sanctuary	Starfall Sanctuary	DUNGEON
area	starting_meadow	Starting Meadow	OVERWORLD
area	temporal_rifts	Temporal Rifts	OVERWORLD
area	thunder_peaks_dungeon	Thunder Peaks Dungeon	DUNGEON
area	vampire_castle	Vampire Castle	DUNGEON
area	void_dimension	Void Dimension	OVERWORLD
area	void_temple	Void Temple	DUNGEON
area	volcanic_region	Volcanic Region	OVERWORLD
enemy	ancient_dragon	Ancient Dragon	
enemy	angel	Fallen Angel	
enemy	archangel	Archangel	
enemy	archlich	Archlich	
enemy	assassin	Shadow Assassin	
enemy	astral_drifter	Astral Drifter	
enemy	astral_leviathan	Astral Leviathan	
enemy	bandit	Bandit	
enemy	banshee	Banshee	
enemy	bat	Vampire Bat	
enemy	bear	Cave Bear	
enemy	black_widow	Black Widow	
enemy	bone_golem	Bone Golem	
enemy	bone_knight	Bone Knight	
enemy	butterfly	Rainbow Butterfly	
enemy	cactus_golem	Cactus Golem	
enemy	chaos_elemental	Chaos Elemental	
enemy	chaos_lord	Chaos Lord	
enemy	chimera	Chimera	
enemy	chrono_stalker	Chrono Stalker	
enemy	cosmic_horror	Cosmic Horror	
enemy	cow	Wild Cow	
enemy	crypt_guardian	Crypt Guardian	
enemy	death_knight	Death Knight	
enemy	deity	Fallen Deity	
enemy	demon	Lesser Demon	
enemy	desert_scorpion	Desert Scorpion	
enemy	desert_wraith	Desert Wraith	
enemy	dire_wolf	Dire Wolf	
enemy	divine_avatar	Divine Avatar	
enemy	dragon	Young Dragon	
enemy	drake	Drake	
enemy	elemental	Fire Elemental	
enemy	eternal_champion	Eternal Champion	
enemy	eternal_sovereign	Eternal Sovereign	
enemy	field_mouse	Field Mouse	
enemy	fire_salamander	Fire Salamander	
enemy	forest_troll	Forest Troll	
enemy	frog	Giant Frog	
enemy	ghoul	Ghoul	
enemy	giant_bat	Giant Bat	
enemy	gnoll	Gnoll	
enemy	goblin	Goblin	
enemy	goblin_archer	Goblin Archer	
enemy	goblin_berserker	Goblin Berserker	
enemy	goblin_chief	Goblin Chief	
enemy	goblin_shaman	Goblin Shaman	
enemy	godslayer	Godslayer	
enemy	golem	Stone Golem	
enemy	grave_digger	Grave Digger	
enemy	green_slime	Green Slime	
enemy	griffin	Griffin	
enemy	harpy	Harpy	
enemy	hawk	Forest Hawk	
enemy	hobgoblin	Hobgoblin	
enemy	hydra	Hydra	
enemy	ice_giant	Ice Giant	
enemy	knight	Knight	
enemy	kobold	Kobold	
enemy	lich	Lich	
enemy	mage	Mage	
enemy	minotaur	Minotaur	
enemy	mirage_assassin	Mirage Assassin	
enemy	mountain_goat	Mountain Goat	
enemy	mountain_troll	Mountain Troll	
enemy	ogre	Ogre	
enemy	orc	Orc	
enemy	owlbear	Owlbear	
enemy	phantom	Phantom	
enemy	phoenix	Phoenix	
enemy	primordial	Primordial Being	
enemy	rabbit	Wild Rabbit	
enemy	rat	Giant Rat	
enemy	raven	Giant Raven	
enemy	reality_ripper	Reality Ripper	
enemy	rock_giant	Rock Giant	
enemy	sand_golem	Sand Golem	
enemy	sand_worm	Sand Worm	
enemy	seraph	Seraph	
enemy	shadow_wolf	Shadow Wolf	
enemy	sheep	Wild Sheep	
enemy	skeleton	Skeleton	
enemy	skeleton_archer	Skeleton Archer	
enemy	skeleton_lord	Skeleton Lord	
enemy	skeleton_mage	Skeleton Mage	
enemy	slime	Blue Slime	
enemy	snow_leopard	Snow Leopard	
enemy	sparrow	Sparrow	
enemy	spider	Giant Spider	
enemy	storm_eagle	Storm Eagle	
enemy	storm_titan	Storm Titan	
enemy	tarantula	Tarantula	
enemy	temporal_guardian	Temporal Guardian	
enemy	time_wraith	Time Wraith	
enemy	titan	Stone Titan	
enemy	troll	Troll	
enemy	vampire	Vampire	
enemy	vampire_bat_swarm	Vampire Bat Swarm	
enemy	vampire_lord	Vampire Lord	
enemy	vampire_spawn	Vampire Spawn	
enemy	void_dragon	Void Dragon	
enemy	void_phantom	Void Phantom	
enemy	void_walker	Void Walker	
enemy	warlord	Orc Warlord	
enemy	wild_boar	Wild Boar	
enemy	wolf	Wolf	
enemy	world_eater	World Eater	
enemy	wraith	Wraith	
enemy	wyrmling	Wyrmling	
enemy	wyvern	Wyvern	
enemy	yeti	Yeti	
enemy	zombie	Zombie	
item	acid_gland	Acid Gland	
item	adamant_bar	Adamant Bar	
item	adamant_boots	Adamant Boots	
item	adamant_chestplate	Adamant Chestplate	
item	adamant_gloves	Adamant Gloves	
item	adamant_helmet	Adamant Helmet	
item	adamant_leggings	Adamant Leggings	
item	adamant_shield	Adamant Shield	
item	adamant_sword	Adamant Sword	
item	adamantite_ore	Adamantite Ore	
item	adept_staff	Adept Staff	
item	air_essence	Air Essence	
item	amethyst	Amethyst	
item	amulet_of_life	Amulet of Life	
item	amulet_of_magic	Amulet of Magic	
item	amulet_of_strength	Amulet of Strength	
item	ancient_coin	Ancient Coin	
item	ancient_rune	Ancient Rune	
item	ancient_soul	Ancient Soul	
item	angel_wing	Angel Wing	
item	apple	Apple	
item	apprentice_staff	Apprentice Staff	
item	arcane_staff	Arcane Staff	
item	assassin_dagger	Assassin Dagger	
item	bandit_mask	Bandit Mask	
item	bat_leather	Bat Leather	
item	bear_claw	Bear Claw	
item	beast_claw	Beast Claw	
item	beef_roast	Beef Roast	
item	beetle_carapace	Beetle Carapace	
item	birch_log	Birch Log	
item	bird_feather	Bird Feather	
item	black_opal	Black Opal	
item	bone	Bone	
item	bread	Bread	
item	bronze_axe	Bronze Axe	
item	bronze_bar	Bronze Bar	
item	bronze_dagger	Bronze Dagger	
item	bronze_hatchet	Bronze Hatchet	
item	bronze_key	Bronze Key	
item	bronze_pickaxe	Bronze Pickaxe	
item	bronze_sword	Bronze Sword	
item	carrot_seed	Carrot Seed	
item	celestial_axe	Celestial Axe	
item	celestial_bar	Celestial Bar	
item	celestial_ore	Celestial Ore	
item	celestial_sword	Celestial Sword	
item	cheese	Cheese	
item	chicken_feather	Chicken Feather	
item	chitin_plate	Chitin Plate	
item	coal_ore	Coal Ore	
item	compass	Compass	
item	cooked_kraken_tentacle	Cooked Kraken Tentacle	
item	cooked_leviathan	Cooked Leviathan	
item	cooked_manta_ray	Cooked Manta Ray	
item	cooked_salmon	Cooked Salmon	
item	cooked_shark	Cooked Shark	
item	cooked_swordfish	Cooked Swordfish	
item	cooked_trout	Cooked Trout	
item	cooked_tuna	Cooked Tuna	
item	cooked_void_fish	Cooked Void Fish	
item	copper_ore	Copper Ore	
item	copper_ring	Copper Ring	
item	corn_seed	Corn Seed	
item	corrupted_soul	Corrupted Soul	
item	cosmic_staff	Cosmic Staff	
item	cow_hide	Cow Hide	
item	crab_shell	Crab Shell	
item	crocodile_leather	Crocodile Leather	
item	crown_of_kings	Crown of Kings	
item	crystal_component	Crystal Component	
item	crystal_skull	Crystal Skull	
item	cursed_bone	Cursed Bone	
item	daisy	Daisy	
item	deer_antler	Deer Antler	
item	deer_hide	Deer Hide	
item	defense_potion	Defense Potion	
item	demon_horn	Demon Horn	
item	diamond	Diamond	
item	diamond_ring	Diamond Ring	
item	dragon_axe	Dragon Axe	
item	dragon_bone	Dragon Bone	
item	dragon_boots	Dragon Boots	
item	dragon_bow	Dragon Bow	
item	dragon_chestplate	Dragon Chestplate	
item	dragon_gloves	Dragon Gloves	
item	dragon_hatchet	Dragon Hatchet	
item	dragon_helmet	Dragon Helmet	
item	dragon_herb	Dragon Herb	
item	dragon_leggings	Dragon Leggings	
item	dragon_pickaxe	Dragon Pickaxe	
item	dragon_scale	Dragon Scale	
item	dragon_shield	Dragon Shield	
item	dragon_steak	Dragon Steak	
item	dragon_sword	Dragon Sword	
item	dragonite_axe	Dragonite Axe	
item	dragonite_bar	Dragonite Bar	
item	dragonite_ore	Dragonite Ore	
item	dragonite_sword	Dragonite Sword	
item	dungeon_map	Dungeon Map	
item	eagle_talon	Eagle Talon	
item	earth_essence	Earth Essence	
item	elderwood_log	Elderwood Log	
item	electric_organ	Electric Organ	
item	elemental_staff	Elemental Staff	
item	elephant_ivory	Elephant Ivory	
item	elven_bow	Elven Bow	
item	emerald	Emerald	
item	enhancement_catalyst	Enhancement Catalyst	
item	ethereal_bar	Ethereal Bar	
item	ethereal_ore	Ethereal Ore	
item	ethereal_sword	Ethereal Sword	
item	experience_potion	Experience Potion	
item	fairy_dust	Fairy Dust	
item	fine_leather	Fine Leather	
item	fire_essence	Fire Essence	
item	fire_gland	Fire Gland	
item	fishing_net	Fishing Net	
item	frost_gland	Frost Gland	
item	fusion_catalyst	Fusion Catalyst	
item	gear_component	Gear Component	
item	giant_pearl	Giant Pearl	
item	ginseng	Ginseng	
item	goblin_ear	Goblin Ear	
item	gold_bar	Gold Bar	
item	gold_necklace	Gold Necklace	
item	gold_ore	Gold Ore	
item	gold_ring	Gold Ring	
item	golden_idol	Golden Idol	
item	golden_key	Golden Key	
item	golden_treasure_chest	Golden Treasure Chest	
item	golem_core	Golem Core	
item	greater_health_potion	Greater Health Potion	
item	grimoire	Grimoire	
item	harpoon	Harpoon	
item	harpy_feather	Harpy Feather	
item	health_potion	Health Potion	
item	hippopotamus_hide	Hippopotamus Hide	
item	ice_essence	Ice Essence	
item	iron_axe	Iron Axe	
item	iron_bar	Iron Bar	
item	iron_boots	Iron Boots	
item	iron_chestplate	Iron Chestplate	
item	iron_dagger	Iron Dagger	
item	iron_gloves	Iron Gloves	
item	iron_hatchet	Iron Hatchet	
item	iron_helmet	Iron Helmet	
item	iron_leggings	Iron Leggings	
item	iron_ore	Iron Ore	
item	iron_pickaxe	Iron Pickaxe	
item	iron_shield	Iron Shield	
item	iron_sword	Iron Sword	
item	ironbark_log	Ironbark Log	
item	jellyfish_tentacle	Jellyfish Tentacle	
item	leather_boots	Leather Boots	
item	leather_chestplate	Leather Chestplate	
item	leather_gloves	Leather Gloves	
item	leather_helmet	Leather Helmet	
item	leather_leggings	Leather Leggings	
item	leather_necklace	Leather Necklace	
item	legendary_treasure_chest	Legendary Treasure Chest	
item	leopard_skin	Leopard Skin	
item	lich_phylactery	Lich Phylactery	
item	life_blossom	Life Blossom	
item	light_essence	Light Essence	
item	lily	Lily	
item	lion_hide	Lion Hide	
item	lobster_pot	Lobster Pot	
item	lockpick	Lockpick	
item	lost_soul	Lost Soul	
item	lotus	Lotus	
item	luck_potion	Luck Potion	
item	magic_bean	Magic Bean	
item	magic_bow	Magic Bow	
item	magic_circuit	Magic Circuit	
item	magic_fishing_rod	Magic Fishing Rod	
item	magic_potion	Magic Potion	
item	maple_bow	Maple Bow	
item	maple_log	Maple Log	
item	master_key	Master Key	
item	master_rune	Master Rune	
item	master_staff	Master Staff	
item	meat_pie	Meat Pie	
item	minor_health_potion	Minor Health Potion	
item	mithril_bar	Mithril Bar	
item	mithril_boots	Mithril Boots	
item	mithril_chestplate	Mithril Chestplate	
item	mithril_dagger	Mithril Dagger	
item	mithril_gloves	Mithril Gloves	
item	mithril_hatchet	Mithril Hatchet	
item	mithril_helmet	Mithril Helmet	
item	mithril_leggings	Mithril Leggings	
item	mithril_ore	Mithril Ore	
item	mithril_pickaxe	Mithril Pickaxe	
item	mithril_shield	Mithril Shield	
item	mithril_sword	Mithril Sword	
item	monster_sinew	Monster Sinew	
item	moonflower	Moonflower	
item	nettle	Nettle	
item	nightshade	Nightshade	
item	oak_bow	Oak Bow	
item	oak_log	Oak Log	
item	octopus_ink	Octopus Ink	
item	orange	Orange	
item	orb_of_darkness	Orb of Darkness	
item	orb_of_light	Orb of Light	
item	orb_of_power	Orb of Power	
item	orb_of_wisdom	Orb of Wisdom	
item	orc_tooth	Orc Tooth	
item	orchid	Orchid	
item	phoenix_dust	Phoenix Dust	
item	pig_skin	Pig Skin	
item	platinum_ring	Platinum Ring	
item	poison_dagger	Poison Dagger	
item	potato_seed	Potato Seed	
item	pristine_feather	Pristine Feather	
item	pure_soul	Pure Soul	
item	quartz	Quartz	
item	rabbit_foot	Rabbit Foot	
item	rabbit_fur	Rabbit Fur	
item	rat_tail	Rat Tail	
item	raw_kraken_tentacle	Raw Kraken Tentacle	
item	raw_leviathan	Raw Leviathan	
item	raw_manta_ray	Raw Manta Ray	
item	raw_meat	Raw Meat	
item	raw_salmon	Raw Salmon	
item	raw_shark	Raw Shark	
item	raw_swordfish	Raw Swordfish	
item	raw_trout	Raw Trout	
item	raw_tuna	Raw Tuna	
item	raw_void_fish	Raw Void Fish	
item	reality_fragment	Reality Fragment	
item	redwood_log	Redwood Log	
item	rhino_horn	Rhino Horn	
item	roasted_chicken	Roasted Chicken	
item	rope	Rope	
item	rose	Rose	
item	ruby	Ruby	
item	rugged_leather	Rugged Leather	
item	rune_of_fortune	Rune of Fortune	
item	rune_of_power	Rune of Power	
item	rune_of_protection	Rune of Protection	
item	rune_of_speed	Rune of Speed	
item	runite_axe	Runite Axe	
item	runite_bar	Runite Bar	
item	runite_ore	Runite Ore	
item	runite_sword	Runite Sword	
item	sage	Sage	
item	sapphire	Sapphire	
item	scorpion_chitin	Scorpion Chitin	
item	scroll_of_enchanting	Scroll of Enchanting	
item	scroll_of_identify	Scroll of Identify	
item	scroll_of_summoning	Scroll of Summoning	
item	scroll_of_teleport	Scroll of Teleport	
item	shadow_bow	Shadow Bow	
item	shadow_dagger	Shadow Dagger	
item	shadow_essence	Shadow Essence	
item	shadowbark_log	Shadowbark Log	
item	shark_skin	Shark Skin	
item	sheep_wool	Sheep Wool	
item	silk_thread	Silk Thread	
item	silver_bar	Silver Bar	
item	silver_key	Silver Key	
item	silver_necklace	Silver Necklace	
item	silver_ore	Silver Ore	
item	silver_ring	Silver Ring	
item	skeleton_key	Skeleton Key	
item	snake_skin	Snake Skin	
item	space_fragment	Space Fragment	
item	speed_potion	Speed Potion	
item	spider_silk	Spider Silk	
item	spring_component	Spring Component	
item	staff_of_ages	Staff of Ages	
item	star_dust	Star Dust	
item	star_stone	Star Stone	
item	starbloom	Starbloom	
item	steel_axe	Steel Axe	
item	steel_bar	Steel Bar	
item	steel_boots	Steel Boots	
item	steel_chestplate	Steel Chestplate	
item	steel_dagger	Steel Dagger	
item	steel_gloves	Steel Gloves	
item	steel_hatchet	Steel Hatchet	
item	steel_helmet	Steel Helmet	
item	steel_leggings	Steel Leggings	
item	steel_pickaxe	Steel Pickaxe	
item	steel_shield	Steel Shield	
item	steel_sword	Steel Sword	
item	strength_potion	Strength Potion	
item	super_health_potion	Super Health Potion	
item	teak_log	Teak Log	
item	thick_fur	Thick Fur	
item	tiger_pelt	Tiger Pelt	
item	time_fragment	Time Fragment	
item	tin_ore	Tin Ore	
item	titan_essence	Titan Essence	
item	tomato_seed	Tomato Seed	
item	tome_of_knowledge	Tome of Knowledge	
item	tome_of_power	Tome of Power	
item	torch	Torch	
item	transmutation_catalyst	Transmutation Catalyst	
item	treasure_chest	Treasure Chest	
item	troll_hide	Troll Hide	
item	turtle_shell	Turtle Shell	
item	vampire_fang	Vampire Fang	
item	vegetable_stew	Vegetable Stew	
item	venom_sac	Venom Sac	
item	void_axe	Void Axe	
item	void_bar	Void Bar	
item	void_crystal	Void Crystal	
item	void_dust	Void Dust	
item	void_moss	Void Moss	
item	void_ore	Void Ore	
item	void_shard	Void Shard	
item	void_staff	Void Staff	
item	void_sword	Void Sword	
item	whale_blubber	Whale Blubber	
item	wheat_seed	Wheat Seed	
item	willow_bow	Willow Bow	
item	willow_log	Willow Log	
item	wolf_pelt	Wolf Pelt	
item	world_seed	World Seed	
item	world_tree_log	World Tree Log	
item	wyvern_scale	Wyvern Scale	
item	yew_bow	Yew Bow	
item	yew_log	Yew Log	
item	zombie_fragment	Zombie Fragment	
skill	cooking	Cooking	
skill	fishing	Fishing	
skill	mining	Mining	
skill	smithing	Smithing	
skill	woodcutting	Woodcutting	
